Documentation file for C++ Banking API.


Account Class - Used as the foundation class. Creating an object with this class will grant it the ability to also open a credit account
and an investment account. Note: Although the Credit Class and Investment Class are defined separately to the account class, the only 
point of access to their methods is through calling designated methods from the account class. Thus, this documentation will highlight
how to use the methods found in the Account class that then call on the methods within the Credit / Investment classes. 

Account Methods:

get_owner - returns a string representing the name of the owner of the account.

get_total - returns an integer representing the total amount of cash in the debit account.



deposit - takes an integer representing money that is deposited into the account and adds it to the total amount of cash. Returns an 
integer that represents the total cash in account after deposit is made.

Withdraw - takes an integer representing money that is withdrawn from the account and subtracts total cash amount. Returns integer
that represents total cash in account after withdraw is made. Returns 0 if trying to withdraw more money than is in account.






Credit Class - This class holds information such as the owner name, credit limit, and amount due (debts). This class is meant to mimic 
how an actual credit card works.

Credit Methods (Callable from within Account Class):

activate_credit - this will initialize a credit card with the owner name (as found in the account class) and a designated credit limit 
which represents the amount of credit that account can use. 

change_credit_limit - changes the credit limit of the account depending on the amount inputted. Returns an integer representing the 
new credit limit of the account.

use_credit - adds onto the amount due figure. Returns an integer representing the total amount due on the credit account. Returns 0 if
the added amount will make the account go over the credit limit (effectively cancelling the transaction from happening). 

pay_credit_debt - subtracts from the amount due. Returns an integer showing the amount still due after subtracting the amount just paid.



get_credit_remaining - returns an integer representing the figure of taking the credit limit and subtracting amount due. Essentially,
the amount of credit that can still be used before the account is maxed out.

get_amount_due - returns the amount due (needs to be payed off). 

get_credit_limit - returns the credit limit of the account. 

